clear basics

dotnet architecture very clearllllllly
dotnet ecosystem
naming versions by micro
cls, clr, bcl, cts (like how does it do it)
managed code and unmanaged code with proper example
data type, interoperability
nullable types
how dotnet supports multiple programming languages.
how clr executes, how does it understand different language codes.
boxing vs unboxing
namespace, learn 2 things that you can do in a namespace
what is class ,object
access specifier, access modifiers (there types) understand in detail
default access specifier for class, member, method function, interface
what is a constructor, is it required, if not present what will happen
how the underline engine is going to get executed without constructor
static, verisou places where we can use static
can be used in class, constructor, method, property, variables
how static constructor gets invoked, who invokes it, when should I use it.
inheritance, have a clear idea
abstract class, abstract vs interface
interface is very important in DI
controller is a abstract class
when to use abstract method, virtual method
models in ef core, all properties are virtual.
all frameworks uses oops
method hiding in virtual
colections, generic and non-generic, what comes uinder them
jagged array, where should I use it?
reason people root for generic  collection, non-generic is very good at hiding data but why generic.
when I should use list, dictionary? 
linq, why linq, why linq, what are different methods (learn every one of them), better performance? detailed idea about different methods
query in two different ways in linq, what syntax have I used and why? will use both.
join, group by, order by in linq
be clear with the syntax, learn joins, order by, group by
when to use skip, then, limit
understand delgege, diff type of generic delegate.

csharp done above

ef core
why? advantage? why to communicate to db with ef core
ef core -> open source
ado.net vs ef core why efcore
different types of approaches, code first and db first.
migrations
add migration update migration, what happenes exactly in both.
why migrations classes required, if class not present what will happen (will I able to communicate)
up and down method in migrations.
three diff ways to load data
eager loading, lazy loading, explicit loading, what is the diff, when should I use what?
linq two diff ways in which query gets executed.
one is default exec, immediate exec
.tolist() -> immediate


mvc later


api
what is api, why???
what is rest, why? representatial state transfer
should know return types of api (Status code)
put vs patch
diff types of routing
middleware
filter 5 tyeps of filters, execute in order, in 'dotnet'
order of execution of filter
jwt? not going to ask jwt implementation
format of jwt formation
why api?
before api you have mvc

mvc properties
tempdata, viewbag, viewdata, diff in these

if I transfer data from one controller to another, have to maintain data between requests, just learn the abvoet hing.
same fitlers,routing (default, what is?)in mvc
heleprs in mvc
partial queue in mvc
viewcomponent in mvc? have I even worked on it?
two kind of heplers (html, tag)
html helpers-> three types
understand tage helper
razor engine, razor views what and why.....

I learned this earlier??????????

requirement -> time
3 hours more than sufficient
one day to days ?



where are you using above things.